Feature/versions (#107)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/legacy/v4/versions.md

---
id: versions
title: Versions
---

> Now that you understand what makes Eightshift tick here is a fast reminder about what library versions this documentation reefers to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you understand what makes Eightshift tick, here is a quick reminder about what library versions this documentation refers to.
```
